Created in response to part of panel discussion with Christina Gomez 2024.   I am compelled to share this, as I listen to your stories of how phrases will be said by another as another may be thinking the same thing. In 2004, I decided to complete my high school as I was forced to abandon it during the normal timeline set during youth. Originally to be of class 91, my 2004 effort came to an abrupt end due to an event or experience that may be similar to what you are mentioning. I was in physics class, a favorite of mine, and the problem was tasked in oral form in the moment on which would hit the ground first. All things being the same, would a bullet fired from a gun or dropped from your hand which would hit ground first using the proper formula to ascertain our answer. I raised my hand with urgency, something I never did previously, ever in class, because of my confidence in knowing the formula to give accurate answer. The woman sitting in front of me raised her hand simultaneously, and she was picked to give her answer. Being a tad disappointed I internalized the next few moments penning down on a paper what I believed the answer was as if I had been chosen. As I was writing, I was also holding an internal dialogue as these would be the words I would be saying as I solved the problem. Midway through, about 45 seconds give or take, my conscious was directed back to my environment because I suddenly realized that every word, syntax, expression, or umm, I heard in being said out loud in the classroom around me. Like lightening strike, I realized that I was projecting my inner dialogue into the woman in front of me as she was answering. The most incredible, or even terrifying thing was in that moment like lightening realising what was happening, the woman abruptly stopped talking, quickly turned around and looked into my eyes with a multiple emotions in them both of us both realizing in that exact lightning moment that I was manipulating her by mind. I softly said to her, I'm sorry. Packed up my things as fast as I could and left never returning or answering phone calls from the adult learning center because of the absolute disbelief of the event. My ex wife mocked me, and it took many years to share that with someone. And it was with someone else I had done a similar thing with at  work. But that time I remained calm and behaved as nothing happened, until he brought it up about an hour later. I did achieve my grade 12 at a later date, even attending college. But when you were describing those events, I felt compelled to share this as perhaps it may prove valuable in data sets.
